docs(logging): Add limitations of Log API to syslog page (#20454)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/log-api/use-tcp-endpoint-forward-logs-new-relic.mdx

* A valid New Relic <InlinePopover type="licenseKey"/> for the account you want to send logs to
* Some minor changes to the syslog client's configuration, as explained in this document

## Limitations

> Log lines exceeding 1MB in compressed size will be dropped, and other limitations from the [Log API](/docs/logs/log-api/introduction-log-api/#limits) may also apply. Please ensure your log lines are within this size limit to avoid data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log lines that exceed 1 MB in compressed size will be dropped. Other limitations from the [Log API](/docs/logs/log-api/introduction-log-api/#limits) may also apply. To prevent data loss, ensure your log lines are within this size limit.
```
